# Wrote

Wrote is a minimal text editor for GNU/Linux that lets you 
just enjoy writing without distractions.

It features beautiful typography and a carefully designed 
interface and workflow which allows you to focus on your 
writing and nothing else.

It was inspired by the excellent 
[iA Writer](http://iawriter.com). 

Wrote is **still** pre-beta software. Using it, however, is 
not destructive. *Make backups!*

## Installation

Wrote uses `waf` as its build system. 

After having run `./waf configure`, o build it, run
  
    ./waf build:debug

For the debug version, or, similarly run
  
    ./waf build:release

For the release version.

To install (be careful!) just substitute `build` with 
`install` in the commands above. 

## Copyright

This distribution, except where otherwise noted, is:

**Copyright &copy; 2011 Stojan Dimitrovski**

Licensed under the following license (MIT/X11):

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person 
obtaining a copy of this software and associated 
documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the 
Software without restriction, including without limitation 
the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute,
sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to 
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, 
subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall 
be included in all copies or substantial portions of the 
Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY 
KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR 
PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS 
OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR 
OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR 
OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE 
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

This distribution includes the M+ 1m family found in 
`res/fonts` which are:

**Copyright &copy; 2002-2011 [M+ FONTS PROJECT](http://mplus-fonts.sourceforge.jp)**

Under the following license:

These fonts are free softwares.  
Unlimited permission is granted to use, copy, and distribute 
it, with or without modification, either commercially and 
noncommercially. 

THESE FONTS ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY.